no-module-learning LF0 sum sum
no-module-learning LF0 sum mean
no-module-learning LF0 mean sum
no-module-learning LF0 mean mean
no-module-learning HF0 sum sum
no-module-learning HF0 sum mean
no-module-learning HF0 mean sum
no-module-learning HF0 mean mean
cluster-learning LF0 sum sum
cluster-learning LF0 sum mean
cluster-learning LF0 mean sum
cluster-learning LF0 mean mean
cluster-learning HF0 sum sum
cluster-learning HF0 sum mean
cluster-learning HF0 mean sum
cluster-learning HF0 mean mean
fixed-clusters LF0 sum sum
fixed-clusters LF0 sum mean
fixed-clusters LF0 mean sum
fixed-clusters LF0 mean mean
fixed-clusters HF0 sum sum
fixed-clusters HF0 sum mean
fixed-clusters HF0 mean sum
fixed-clusters HF0 mean mean